README.md, before:

# Decidim app by OSP
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=VDQ3ORQLN6)](https://codecov.io/gh/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/f5abcda931760d6ee65d/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/maintainability)
![Tests](https://github.com/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/actions/workflows/deploy_production.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)
![Tests](https://github.com/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)

## Decidim
![](./docs/decidim-logo-claim.svg)

[Decidim](https://github.com/decidim/decidim) is a digital platform for ditizen participation. Related documentation can be found [here](https://docs.decidim.org)

## [Open Source Politics](https://opensourcepolitics.eu/) 
![Open Source Politics](./docs/open-source-politics.svg)
This repository contains the code of the decidim-app implemented for our customers. It consists of the main application with modules developed by the community that we often use. 

Some non-official customizations can be found see [OVERLOADS.MD](./OVERLOADS.md).

## 🚀 Getting started
- See our [installation guide](./DEVELOPERS.md) for mode information

## 👋 Contributing
- See our [contributing guide](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## 🔒 Security
Security is very important to us. If you have any issue regarding security, please disclose the information responsibly by sending an email to **security[at]opensourcepolitics[dot]eu** and not by creating a Github issue.

Commit message:

Modify contributing + first module docs lines

README.md, after:

# Decidim app by OSP
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=VDQ3ORQLN6)](https://codecov.io/gh/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/f5abcda931760d6ee65d/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/maintainability)
![Tests](https://github.com/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/actions/workflows/deploy_production.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)
![Tests](https://github.com/OpenSourcePolitics/decidim-app/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)

## Decidim
![](./docs/decidim-logo-claim.svg)

[Decidim](https://github.com/decidim/decidim) is a digital platform for ditizen participation. Related documentation can be found [here](https://docs.decidim.org)

## [Open Source Politics](https://opensourcepolitics.eu/) 
![Open Source Politics](./docs/open-source-politics.svg)

This repository contains the code of the **decidim-app** implemented for our customers.

It consists of the main application with modules developed by the community that we often use.

It includes **official modules** supported by the community and **community-based modules** developed by us our [our partners](https://github.com/decidim-ice)

You can find below an exhaustive list of modules with their repository links and latest version available :
|Module|Link|Version compatibility|
|-|-|-|


Some non-official customizations can be found see [OVERLOADS.MD](./OVERLOADS.md).

## 🚀 Getting started
- See our [installation guide](./docs/GETTING_STARTED.md) for mode information

## 👋 Contributing
- See our [contributing guide](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## 🔒 Security
Security is very important to us. If you have any issue regarding security, please disclose the information responsibly by sending an email to **security[at]opensourcepolitics[dot]eu** and not by creating a Github issue. 

## License
The decidim-app is licensed under the [AGPLv3](./LICENSE-AGPLV3.txt), same license as Decidim.
